      My real name is Karen Inductivo Atienza. My mother is Gina I. Atienza and My father is Renato De Leon Atienza. I live in North Caloocan City, Philippines. I have 2 sisters. I’m living with my family. 

         I was born on December 19, 1990 in San Rafael, Bulacan. When a healthy baby girl was born, I was the first born of a happy couple and the first grandchild of both sides of the couple. So what’s excepted, the baby girl brings happiness, joy, and laughter to the family.

        But years passed by, and they noticed that I did not say a single word, so what they did is that they brought the baby to the doctor, where they found out that the baby was born deaf. The doctor traced the history of why it happened. That’s because my mother was in her third-month pregnancy, she got rubella or german measles, and that the effect in the baby, the loss of hearing. You know what the couple did, when they heard the finding of the doctor, they hugged the baby and they promised that they would do the very best things that they can for the baby. 
        
     My impact story tells me that I have experience with my disability when I found out that I’m deaf. It is important for me to challenge my disability and my parents got me speech therapy when I was 6 years until high school. I enrolled in oral school at Philippine Institute for the Deaf in Manila from Nursery to Grade 2 and I met new classmates and my teachers when I was shy and nervous. Then I transferred to a normal school in St. Joseph College of Novaliches, Inc from Grade 4 to High School for the first time because I was the only deaf student. I was struggle to communicate with my classmates and teachers because I did not understand what they say so I used to write the paper to communicate and sometimes lipreading. I never know how to sign language until I enrolled in college so I’ve learned how to sign language. I wore a hearing aid when I was in oral school until high school. I graduated in 2011 from Miriam College in Quezon City and I've tried to find a job for a long time ago but failed many times because they did not accept me for deaf work. So I stayed with my mom and my sisters while my dad is working abroad. I took care of my mom for more than 6 years becaause she had difficult walking due to hips problem. In 2015 and 2020, my mom got major surgery for hips replacement. I was very happy that my mom was alive and good walking successfully.

        I can speak but not clearly and know how to sign language. I want to be successful person someday and I want to give an inspiration myself and be happy with my life. My family always support me whatever I want. I believe that disability is not a hindrance to success. Just believe in me and always have faith in God.
